#### Session 1:
- 2 Types of data-
	 - Primitive (Numbers, Strings, Booleans)
	 - Non-Primitive
- Variables are not values. Variables are just labels pointing to values store in the memory.
- Var- used to declare variables. Re-assignment is allowed. Re-declaration is allowed. (Not used the most).
- Let- used to declare variables. Re-assignment is allowed. Re-declaration is not allowed.
- Const- Can only be declared once and cannot be changed afterwards. Re-assignment is not allowed. Re-declaration is not allowed.
- Values are stored in the memory, and variables are the labels pointing to the memory address where the value is stored.
- When we assign a value to a variable either directly (e.g. b = 20;) or from one variable to another. (e.g. b = a;), a new copy of that value is created and stored in the memory and the variable points to it.

---
#### Session 2:
- Operator Precedence: 
	B - Brackets of.
	E - Exponentiation.
	DMR- Division, Multiplication, Reminder
	AS- Addition, Subtraction.
	In case they belong to same category, follow order from left to right in the given expression.

-  We have " == " and " === " in JS 
		== -> loose comparison, before comparing covert both the values to same types and will compare them. So if int(5) == ('5') String gives true.
		=== -> Strict comparison, Will compare datatype and values. So, is int(5) === ('5') String will return false. 
		Example: (0-False; 1- True; According to JS)
			0 == false --> true
			0 === false --> false 
- What is Argument & parameter.
	**Argument-** the values we call when we are calling/invoking a function is known as **"Argument".**
	**Parameter-** the values we pass when we are defining a function is known as **"Parameters"**.

---
#### Session 3:
- String: 
	- Strings are immutable. If we try to change the value JS will not throw error.
	- No separate `char` type. A single character is a string of length 1.
	- Single quotes (`''`), double quotes (`""`), and backticks (`` ` ``) for literals.
	- Direct interpolation with template literals ( ) and `${expression}`.
	- Index of a string starts with 0 and var.length will starts with 1.  
	- to get a single value in string we can use stringName.charAt(index) or stringName[index]
	- Both charAt and Square brackets work the same but "if the index is out of range charAt will return empty string. for square brackets -> it will return undefined". 
	- Less performant for large-scale string manipulations compared to Java's mutable string options.
	- String Methods- [String Methods](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/lastIndexOf)
	- [[String & It's Methods]] 
- Escape Sequences: JavaScript also uses a backslash (`\`) for escape sequences, which are very similar to Java's.
- 'use strict' - Once this is written, JS will not allow any bad syntax's. 
	Ex: let a= "Ram"; 
	 a[0]="S";
	 console.log(a); --> will not throw error and will print Ram. If **'use strict'** is used before let a= "Ram" then JS will throw error.
- Values are stored in the memory, and variables are the labels pointing to the memory address where the value is stored. 
- When we assign a value to a variable either directly (e.g. b = 20;) or from one variable to another  
- (e.g. b = a;), a new copy of that value is created and stored in the memory and the variable points to it.**

SubString, CharAt, 

---
##### Session 7:
Math Methods- [Methods](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Math)

---
##### Session 8:
- Var fails with block code({}) for if & for. Var will throw error if var is try to access outside the function(the var is declared inside the function, cannot be declared outside of function) . We can access var variable outside of the block of code. so let and const has introduced. 
